crypto: Add nrf_cc3xx v0.9.15 and nrf_oberon v3.0.12 (#813)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto - 0.9.15
*****************************

> New version of the runtime library with the following :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New version of the runtime library with the following bugfixes and improvements:
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> New version of the runtime library with the following bugfixes and improvements:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
New version of the runtime library with the following bug fixes and improvements:
```

Author: Fixed

> * Bugfixes and improvements.
> * Improved parameter-testing for invalid or empty inputs/outputs.
> * Fixed PSA Crypto driver APIs for AES CCM so it supports multiple calls to add AAD.
> * Fixed PSA Crypto driver APIs for ECDH using Montgomery curves so they support 255 bit curves (was 256 bits).
> * Corrected invalid return-codes being reported for some PSA crypto driver APIs.
> * Changed the API for PSA Cipher for nrf_cc3xx PSA Crypto driver (now includes iv and iv_length parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved parameter-testing for invalid or empty inputs/outputs.
* Changed the API for PSA Cipher for nrf_cc3xx PSA Crypto driver (now includes ``iv`` and ``iv_length`` parameters).
* Corrected invalid return-codes being reported for some PSA crypto driver APIs.
* Fixed PSA Crypto driver APIs for AES CCM, so it supports multiple calls to add AAD.
* Fixed PSA Crypto driver APIs for ECDH using Montgomery curves, so they support 255-bit curves (from 256-bit curves before).
* Other minor bugfixes.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> * Other minor bugfixes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Other minor bug fixes.
```

Author: Fixed

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``

  * short-wchar

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``

  * short-wchar, no interrupts

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``

* nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto, nRF9160 variants

>   * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/libnrf_cc310_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
```

Either fix this or delete this.

It's not clear to me that this should be in the changelog at all.

Reviewer 4: e.g. we could avoid copy-paste errors and reduce paperwork without hurting the docs (IMHO) by replacing all this noise with:

nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto, nRF9160 variants

* crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc310_core_0.9.15.a

nrf_cc312_mbedcrypto, nRF5340 variants

* crypto/nrf_cc312_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a

Reviewer 4: oh, and the same for 52

Reviewer 2: I used this approach

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``

  * short-wchar

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``

  * short-wchar, no interrupts

    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/hard-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
    * ``cortex-m33/soft-float/short-wchar/no-interrupts/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``

* nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto, nRF52840 variants

>   * ``cortex-m4/soft-float/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * ``cortex-m4/soft-float/libnrf_cc310_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
```

Reviewer 2: I think that they are OK now.

   The *short-wchar* libraries are compiled with a wchar_t size of 16 bits.

* nrf_cc312_mbedcrypto, nRF5340 variants
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc312_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc312_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``

>   * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc312_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc312_core_0.9.15.a``
```

Reviewer 2: This should now be fixed

* nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto, nRF9160 variants
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc310_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc310_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m33/**/libnrf_cc310_core_0.9.15.a``

* nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto, nRF52840 variants
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m4/**/libnrf_cc310_psa_crypto_0.9.15.a``
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m4/**/libnrf_cc310_legacy_crypto_0.9.15.a``
  * ``crypto/nrf_cc310_mbedcrypto/lib/cortex-m4/**/libnrf_cc310_core_0.9.15.a``

nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto - 0.9.14
*****************************

> New version of the runtime library with the following :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New version of the runtime library with the following changes:
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> * Renamed libraries to distinguish between libraries providing PSA crypto APIs or legacy Mbed TLS APIs, called `nrf_cc3xx_psa_crypto` and `nrf_cc3xx_legacy_crypto`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Renamed libraries to distinguish between libraries providing PSA crypto APIs or legacy Mbed TLS APIs.
  New library names are ``nrf_cc3xx_psa_crypto`` and ``nrf_cc3xx_legacy_crypto``.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Added library `nrf_cc3xx_core` that holds proprietary and internal APIs. The libraries `nrf_cc3xx_psa_crypto` and `nrf_cc3xx_legacy_crypto` depends on the core library to run.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Added library ``nrf_cc3xx_core`` that holds proprietary and internal APIs.
  The libraries ``nrf_cc3xx_psa_crypto`` and ``nrf_cc3xx_legacy_crypto`` depend on the core library to run.
```

Author: Fixed
